Package ea-php72 provides the PHP scripting language as a Software
Collection.  For more information about Software Collections, see
scl(1).  By installing the ea-php72 collection, you will get a
minimal set of packages to have a working PHP.

Usage: scl enable ea-php72 'php'

Software Collections allows use of applications which are not located
in the filesystem root hierarchy but are present in an alternative
location, which is /opt/cpanel/ea-php72/root in case of the ea-php72
collection.

PHP is an HTML-embedded scripting language. PHP attempts to make it
easy for developers to write dynamically generated web pages. PHP also
offers built-in database integration for several commercial and
non-commercial database management systems, so writing a
database-enabled webpage with PHP is fairly simple. The most common
use of PHP coding is probably as a replacement for CGI scripts.

The ea-php72-php package provides the module (often referred to as mod_php)
which adds support for the PHP language to Apache HTTP server.

The ea-php72-php-fpm package provides the FastCGI process manager
which adds support for the PHP language to FastCGI compatible servers.

FastCGI process manager (php-fpm) listens on local network soket
(by default port 9000).

When working with ea-php72 collection, use the "scl" utility (see
scl(1) for usage) to enable the scl environment properly.

Configuration for the ea-php72 software collection is located under /opt/cpanel/ea-php72/root/etc.

Examples:
scl enable ea-php72 'command --arg'
  Run a specific command with argument --arg within ea-php72 software collections
  environment.

scl enable ea-php72 'php'
  Run php from ea-php72 software collection.

scl enable ea-php72 bash
  Run interactive shell where ea-php72 software collection is enabled.

scl enable ea-php72 'man php'
  Show man pages for php command, which is part of the ea-php72 software
  collection.

systemctl start ea-php72-php-fpm
  Starts the php-fpm server from ea-php72 software collection.
